Make bounty jobs more active (#7317)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/pirate jobs.txt

mission "FW Assassination [1]"
	name "Assassinate a political target"

> 	description "A Free Worlds politician who is worrying local slave traders was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> in order to send a message to the Free Worlds. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may have escorts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A Free Worlds politician who is worrying local slave traders was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> to send a message to the Free Worlds. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may have escorts."
```

		government "Free Worlds"
		personality staying target
		system
			government "Free Worlds"
			distance 2 2
		fleet
			names civilian
			variant 10
				"Blackbird"
			variant 2
				"Blackbird"
				"Sparrow"
			variant 4
				"Blackbird"
				"Fury" 2
			variant 3
				"Blackbird"
				"Hawk" 3
			variant 1
				"Blackbird"
				"Osprey"
		dialog "The target has been destroyed. Return to <destination> for your payment."
	on complete
		payment 460000
		dialog "A band of slave traders thank you for eliminating the politician and pay you <payment>."
		"reputation: Free Worlds" -= 10
		"reputation: Pirate" += 3
		
mission "FW Assassination [2]"
	name "Assassinate a political target"

> 	description "A Free Worlds politician who has angered a powerful pirate warlord was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> in order to send a message to the Free Worlds. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may be heavily defended."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A Free Worlds politician who angered a pirate warlord was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> to send a message to the Free Worlds. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may be heavily defended."
```

		government "Free Worlds"
		personality staying target
		system
			government "Free Worlds"
			distance 2 2
		fleet
			names civilian
			variant 3
				"Blackbird"
			variant 2
				"Blackbird"
				"Falcon"
			variant 3
				"Blackbird"
				"Osprey" 2
			variant 3
				"Blackbird"
				"Bastion"
				"Osprey"
			variant 2
				"Blackbird"
				"Bastion"
				"Sparrow" 4
			variant 1
				"Blackbird"
				"Fury" 5
				"Hawk" 4
		dialog "The target has been destroyed. Return to <destination> for your payment."
	on complete
		payment 800000
		dialog "The pirate warlord thanks you for eliminating the politician that threatened them and pays you <payment>."
		"reputation: Free Worlds" -= 15
		"reputation: Pirate" += 5
		
mission "Syndicate Assassination [1]"
	name "Assassinate a political target"

> 	description "A Syndicate politician was spotted passing through a nearby system in their ship, the <npc>. Assassinate them by <day> in order to send a message to the Syndicate. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may have escorts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A Syndicate politician was spotted passing through a nearby system in their ship, the <npc>. Assassinate them by <day> to send a message to the Syndicate. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may have escorts."
```

		government "Syndicate"
		personality staying target
		system
			government "Syndicate"
			distance 2 3
		fleet
			names civilian
			variant 6
				"Arrow"
			variant 6
				"Bounder"
			variant 2
				"Arrow"
				"Quicksilver" 2
			variant 2
				"Bounder"
				"Manta"
			variant 3
				"Arrow"
				"Wasp" 3
			variant 3
				"Bounder"
				"Quicksilver"
				"Wasp" 2
			variant 1
				"Arrow"
				"Splinter"
			variant 1
				"Bounder"
				"Splinter"
		dialog "The target has been destroyed. Return to <destination> for your payment."
	on complete
		payment 460000
		dialog "A pirate warlord thanks you for eliminating the politician and pays you <payment>."
		"reputation: Syndicate" -= 10
		"reputation: Pirate" += 3
		
mission "Syndicate Assassination [2]"
	name "Assassinate a political target"

> 	description "A Syndicate politician who has plans that worry many local pirate gangs was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> in order to send a message to the Syndicate. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may be heavily defended."

Reviewer: This is looking pretty long. Shaving off a few words to try and avoid it spilling out of the UI.
```suggestion
	description "A Syndicate politician with plans that worry local pirate gangs was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> to send a message to the Syndicate. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may be heavily defended."
```

		government "Syndicate"
		personality staying target
		system
			government "Syndicate"
			distance 2 3
		fleet
			names civilian
			variant 2
				"Arrow"
			variant 3
				"Bounder"
			variant 2
				"Arrow"
				"Vanguard"
			variant 2
				"Bounder"
				"Protector"
			variant 4
				"Arrow"
				"Quicksilver" 4
			variant 2
				"Bounder"
				"Manta" 2
			variant 2
				"Arrow"
				"Manta"
				"Quicksilver" 2
			variant 4
				"Bounder"
				"Splinter"
				"Wasp" 3
			variant 2
				"Arrow"
				"Manta"
				"Splinter"
			variant 2
				"Bounder"
				"Splinter" 2
			variant 1
				"Arrow" 10
		dialog "The target has been destroyed. Return to <destination> for payment."
	on complete
		payment 800000
		dialog "A band of pirates thank you for eliminating the politician and pay you <payment>."
		"reputation: Syndicate" -= 15
		"reputation: Pirate" += 5
		
mission "Republic Assassination [1]"
	name "Assassinate a political target"

> 	description "A Republic politician who is worrying local pirate gangs was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in Northern space. Assassinate them by <day> in order to send a message to the Republic. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may have escorts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A Republic politician who is worrying local pirate gangs was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in Northern space. Assassinate them by <day> to send a message to the Republic. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may have escorts."
```

		government "Republic"
		personality staying target
		system
			government "Republic"
			distance 3 6
			not near "Cardax" 3
		fleet
			names civilian
			variant 7
				"Flivver"
			variant 7
				"Scout"
			variant 3
				"Flivver"
				"Raven"
				"Berserker"
			variant 2
				"Scout"
				"Aerie"
				"Dagger" 2
			variant 2
				"Flivver"
				"Firebird"
			variant 3
				"Scout"
				"Headhunter" 2
			variant 1
				"Flivver"
				"Gunboat" 2
			variant 1
				"Scout"
				"Frigate"
			variant 1
				"Mule"
				"Dagger"
			variant 1
				"Star Queen"
		dialog "The target has been destroyed. Return to <destination> for your payment."
	on complete
		payment 460000
		dialog "A pirate warlord thanks you for eliminating the politician pays you <payment>."
		"reputation: Republic" -= 10
		"reputation: Navy (Oathkeeper)" -= 10
		"reputation: Pirate" += 3
		
mission "Republic Assassination [2]"
	name "Assassinate a political target"

> 	description "A Republic politician who is worrying local drug traders was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> in order to send a message to the Republic. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may be heavily defended."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A Republic politician who is worrying local drug traders was spotted in their ship, the <npc>, in a nearby system. Assassinate them by <day> to send a message to the Republic. Payment is <payment>. Be advised that they may be heavily defended."
```
